[00:20] Speaker_A | Ah yeah .
[00:37] Speaker_B | Okay .
[00:46] Speaker_B | Okay .
[00:48] Speaker_D | Okay .
[00:48] Speaker_E | Yep .
[00:48] Speaker_B | Okay .
"[00:56] Speaker_D | Did I tell you that we've got kind of two-way interaction ? If you control click an utterance , it will play where it should be in the file ."
[01:29] Speaker_D | We should probably set those sizes 'cause that's such an easy thing to do .
"[01:32] Speaker_B | Yes , sure but so at the moment we have a dialogue act window and a graphical display w I'm not sure . No , the interesting thing is the sound came when I tried it last time after I I triggered off something by clicking on something . Yeah , there suddenly they come . Probably they're just slow at loading . And they don't have the buttons yet . So at the moment the display is still dis-coupled from it . It's loading your data I'm not quite sure , is this it probably looks like Vera's data from from the looks of it ."
[01:39] Speaker_D | Are you missing the sound ?
"[01:49] Speaker_D | Oh , there it is ."
[01:55] Speaker_D | Yeah .
"[02:02] Speaker_D | That's Vera's data on the display . But the segments are just made up , aren't they ."
[02:49] Speaker_A | Mm-hmm .
[03:03] Speaker_B | So we see that running along with playing
[03:09] Speaker_B | of the music we see the the highlight of the dialogue acts .
[03:14] Speaker_E | Right . That's pretty good .
[03:16] Speaker_D | You can also control click on the dialogue acts and it will play that section of the file as well .
"[03:26] Speaker_B | Okay , s"
"[03:44] Speaker_A | So uh which version of my data was that , the very first one ? Yeah . Okay ."
"[03:47] Speaker_D | The original , the very first one ."
"[03:47] Speaker_B | Quite old . Yeah , we were b like doing this , we were just concerned with the whole stuff . And Dave , where what am I looking for ? Am I looking for in data manager ? Where am I looking ? Or is it f is it where the is it where the file names are ? Is it here ? Is it uh sh is it here where um words importance file ?"
[03:52] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[03:59] Speaker_D | Um it will be in program .
[04:03] Speaker_D | Where do I call your display ?
"[04:08] Speaker_D | No , it is on your display . Um where it calls which one to get , you just need to change the flag ."
[04:16] Speaker_B | In my display .
"[04:17] Speaker_D | Um I think it must be , unless I it ."
[04:22] Speaker_B | Uh let me t
"[04:24] Speaker_D | Oh no , actually yeah , you can change it for in the summary when the summary gets called in program manager , you can do it ."
[04:28] Speaker_B | I d
[04:32] Speaker_C | So are you basing it on certain thresholds uh over a special d uh s okay .
"[04:36] Speaker_D | No , not yet . It's just picks the top-ranked ones at the moment ."
"[04:39] Speaker_B | Okay , so wh where did you say , in prog"
"[04:40] Speaker_D | Yeah , the easiest thing is in programme manager , where it makes the summary . It's probably the best place to do it ."
"[04:45] Speaker_B | W you know where that is , just about ?"
[04:48] Speaker_D | It'll be above that .
[04:49] Speaker_B | Above that .
"[04:53] Speaker_D | It'll be down . It's gonna be after the data manager's made . Yeah , that ."
[04:57] Speaker_B | In this main in this routine ?
[05:01] Speaker_D | A new summary .
[05:02] Speaker_B | There is something read importance with a zero and there is read word importance with a one .
"[05:08] Speaker_D | Yeah , th can't remember where I put it . Maybe it will be in s the summary constructor then ."
[05:09] Speaker_B | Shall I swap those around ? Hmm ?
"[05:17] Speaker_D | Yeah , try the summaries constructor ."
[05:19] Speaker_B | Well wha wha what what's the differe so th this is reall
[05:22] Speaker_D | Well it reads them into separate arrays and then you can just change a flag to select one i which one it gives back .
[05:25] Speaker_B | Yeah .
[05:29] Speaker_B | Shall I just swap the file numbers around from now ?
"[05:32] Speaker_D | Yeah , if you want ."
[05:33] Speaker_B | Or would that crash anything ?
[05:36] Speaker_D | Uh that should be fine .
"[05:44] Speaker_D | Yeah , I should make a new constructor that lets you set the flag ."
[05:46] Speaker_B | Mm .
[05:47] Speaker_B | Mm . So you have time this afternoon ? Yeah . So here .
[05:50] Speaker_D | Yeah .
"[05:56] Speaker_B | So this shows if we see anything at all , then we see at the moment at least that we are definitely be um having a different summary , just because we're having a different im um important measure . So you see that um i it does something . Like at the moment I think this was yeah yeah , that's an old old old version . So it shows um and so if you if you think about how the old version happened , then you see it makes sense that words like prosody , just like a sing if that was the only utterance , then that probably scored quite well and stuff ."
[06:14] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[06:17] Speaker_E | Mm .
[06:34] Speaker_A | Yeah .
[06:36] Speaker_D | Yeah .
"[06:38] Speaker_A | Yeah , probably . Probably all these uh-huhs and uh-hmms are spelled differently in the thing or what's the problem . You should generalise . ."
[06:44] Speaker_B | Yeah .
"[06:51] Speaker_B | Unfortunately , I didn't get the the bar on the display working just yet . But that should be a small issue ."
[06:56] Speaker_D | Okay .
"[07:06] Speaker_B | Yeah , I know this is very old . We just never bothered to update the stuff , because we were working on so we see that we have a very different density curve as well for this one ."
"[07:50] Speaker_B | What would you think sort of if , you know , if if there's a certain degree of of summarisation , what should be the constant ?"
[07:57] Speaker_A | Hmm .
"[07:58] Speaker_E | Mm , I suppose it should depend on the length of the segment ."
"[08:03] Speaker_E | Mm , I guess that would make more sense , yeah ."
"[08:10] Speaker_A | Yeah , but but perhaps more than half . Otherwise you go in too slowly , yeah ."
"[08:12] Speaker_B | Yeah . Yeah , well I guess that could be uh adaptable . 'Cause an an alternative view would be that you could sort of make it that it always is the same length . So if you like if the whole meeting is selected , it compresses the whole meeting to five minutes . Then if one um segment , uh w one topic is selected , then it plays this whole topic in five minutes . But that's sort of that gives people a bit less control over so maybe we should do it instead that it yeah , it c it you can spec"
[08:22] Speaker_E | Hmm .
[08:39] Speaker_D | I think that to be honest is something we can worry about at the end . I mean that's quite trivial to change and we got a lot of other work to do .
[08:47] Speaker_B | Yeah . What's that you discussed for today though ? What's there to talk about for today ?
[08:47] Speaker_E | Hmm .
"[08:53] Speaker_E | Yeah , I was wanting to talk about the search ."
"[08:55] Speaker_D | Yeah , we need to get on that pretty shortly , I think ."
"[08:58] Speaker_E | Yeah . Yeah , I'm quite keen to do like most of that . Like make an index search and stuff ."
"[09:03] Speaker_D | Okay , so I'll need to do some changes to program manager to be able to handle um changing results ."
"[09:09] Speaker_E | Yeah , I think what basically what I need at is um just a list of words with an index to start with for each meeting ."
[09:20] Speaker_D | What kind of index ?
"[09:22] Speaker_E | Um I suppose it doesn't really matter as long as they're unique and it can I can pass 'em back to you and you can use that to the display . Um yeah , probably ."
[09:27] Speaker_D | Take and make them in a hash map or something .
"[09:38] Speaker_D | Certainly for now , yeah ."
[09:42] Speaker_D | Yeah .
"[09:42] Speaker_E | Yeah . Oh yeah , do you want you know how you've just got data for one meeting , are you needing more at the moment ?"
"[09:48] Speaker_D | Um well from the point of us developing it , it doesn't really make much difference ."
"[09:54] Speaker_E | Mm , I guess not ."
[09:54] Speaker_B | No .
[09:56] Speaker_B | Do we have everything for the same meeting at the moment ? Like is it are you y are you all working on the same meeting ?
"[10:02] Speaker_E | Yeah , I think we're all using the first one . Hmm ."
[10:04] Speaker_B | Okay .
[10:06] Speaker_B | Did anyone ever check if that's actually a good meeting like or f comparably to others ?
"[10:11] Speaker_E | Um I think it segments quite well though , first one ."
[10:19] Speaker_B | 'Kay .
[10:20] Speaker_C | So you want to send Steve the prototype and we should change data . Where's the best best place to put it ?
"[10:25] Speaker_A | Um uh sorry , the only problem with the first meeting is for ex that there's no um a hot spot annotation for that . But I mean that's not not a real problem . M"
[10:34] Speaker_C | Oh .
[10:39] Speaker_C | Do you um take it from from my directory ? Or do I have to put in in the sh
[10:43] Speaker_D | Um well at the moment it's just a an old file .
"[10:46] Speaker_C | Yeah , but would you take it from from my directory ? Or okay ."
"[10:50] Speaker_D | It'd probably be , yeah , best to make a copy of it ."
[10:54] Speaker_D | I'd have thought .
[11:00] Speaker_D | I don't think I'm gonna be able to do um the speech tools through Java native interface 'cause the documentation for them is horrific . It's really bad . So I think I'm thinking I'll just write out a script and do it with a system call .
[11:16] Speaker_B | Yeah . 'Kay .
[11:19] Speaker_B | Yeah .
"[11:21] Speaker_D | Not yet . Yeah , the I just don't think it's worth wasting too much time on it ."
[11:24] Speaker_B | No .
"[11:24] Speaker_E | Yes , it's not really important that we get it like nice and c clean or anything like that ."
[11:28] Speaker_D | Yeah .
"[11:31] Speaker_B | Yeah , especially because I mean that's that's that's only done like once every time the selection changes , right ? So even if you sort of even if you do an hourglass at that moment and , you know , even if it pauses for ten seconds , well that's tough luck then . Uh , think we should just make sure that if it takes quite some time that that the clock doesn't start before or that the audio and the clock are in synch sort of . So th"
[11:37] Speaker_D | Hmm .
[11:46] Speaker_D | I don't think it would take that long anyway .
"[11:54] Speaker_D | Yeah yeah . So yeah , it we just start everything after the summary's been created . It's not a big problem ."
"[11:59] Speaker_B | Yeah . Yeah , there's a wait for command for an external ca like for an external call to make sure that the external thing is finished because in general like that's sort of running parallel , I think . Yeah ."
[12:10] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[12:15] Speaker_B | I have some code for system calls like that handles the in and the output if you need some of that .
[12:21] Speaker_D | Um I don't think I'll need that really 'cause I'll just dump out a temporary file .
[12:23] Speaker_B | Okay .
"[12:29] Speaker_B | Okay , cool . Um I don't really know what to talk about ."
[12:54] Speaker_D | I think we should decide what we want it to actually look like in the end .
[13:01] Speaker_D | 'Cause are we gonna have some kind of tree view to represent the meetings and stuff ?
[13:12] Speaker_D | Because if if we're not then we'd probably have to make the graphical display display a bit more information .
[13:38] Speaker_D | Mm .
"[13:40] Speaker_A | I uh think it might . Why , because um i um Steve lay quite a lot of um weight on um you know uh surfing through meetings ."
[13:55] Speaker_A | So we should at least provide an overview of different meetings of one group . At the beginning he um talked quite a lot about that .
[14:03] Speaker_B | I c
[14:04] Speaker_D | It's not too difficult to do and it's sort of a hack kind of way 'cause we can just treat it all as one meeting .
[14:19] Speaker_D | But we'll just create like hard segments at the start and end of each meeting . Like ones that are red instead of black or something like that .
"[14:27] Speaker_B | Yeah . So just a little bit of ad additional information in the display that knows where meetings , picking it over , and otherwise internally we treat it like so we have continuous I_D_s for the segments . Yeah , that works ."
"[14:36] Speaker_D | Mm-hmm . So other than , yeah , other than well we'll just create a hard boundary in between each one so you can see the thing ."
"[14:45] Speaker_B | Yes , but apart from that we don't really do anything different as if it was just one meeting . Yeah , I completely agree . So the only thing it would be that the display gets information about where they are and displays them as hard boundaries ."
[14:47] Speaker_D | Yeah . I mean that's quite a cheap way to do it .
"[14:57] Speaker_A | Um and what about the similarity measure for segments ? Do we um also present that in this window , and do we do it across meetings ? Uh I think that was planned at the beginning , wasn't it ?"
"[15:13] Speaker_B | Yeah , so the initially I thought it was sort of more a search functionality um that simply there's one button that says find similar segments , and then in the same display where we display the search results from the search ."
[15:22] Speaker_A | Yeah .
[15:27] Speaker_A | Uh okay . So it wouldn't be displayed in in the uh graphical display . Oh .
[15:31] Speaker_B | Well I'm not so you think displaying uh like an information about similarity to the select uh like to a selected meeting in to a selected segment in the other segments ?
[15:59] Speaker_D | It might be possible to do it in the summariser .
"[16:05] Speaker_B | Yeah , but i it it should appear as a continuous thing f for the yeah . But I'm not I'm not sure if it's worth much bother though . Like if we do a s like a similarity search , and just like you say find me similar segments and then sort of like you have a list and you click on one of them and then you go to that segment , I think that's quite useful um even without displaying them sort of dis-continuously ."
"[16:08] Speaker_D | Yeah , it will still appear continuous on the display ."
[16:14] Speaker_A | Mm-hmm .
[16:30] Speaker_D | So how are we gonna display the search for this corpus ?
"[16:32] Speaker_B | Well I was thinking of just like really just a m more or less just imagine those are search results each like each of them sort of them sort of giving whatever . We should aim to get some names for segments , like just some extraction of something that we can call . And if it's just the single highest um importance measure o phrase of a segment , so that we have something to display for them . Like basically just a summarisation down to one segment . And it would just be a list like this and you click on one and then w you tho you know , then the whole bureaucracy kicks in like this gets the nota notification , this gets the notification ."
[16:55] Speaker_E | Hmm .
"[17:01] Speaker_E | Yeah , yeah , yeah . Yeah , I think so ."
[17:08] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[17:08] Speaker_D | Okay .
[17:10] Speaker_B | And then we could like we could sort of use the same thing for um yours and mine . Because yours would sort of give just the segment I_D_s and mine would give the start segment I_D_s .
[17:18] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[17:22] Speaker_E | Right .
"[17:25] Speaker_B | So basically this display would have information about a segment where something starts . Maybe se well maybe also something where something ends , like for mine , and some string that we pass to describe what like what it is . You wait , your search , what would it return ? Would it return just the specific like it would go right to the utterance , right ?"
[17:40] Speaker_E | Yeah .
"[17:46] Speaker_E | Yeah , I suppose my search will r it returned the utterance , but if you're searching for a word , you need an index for the word and the utterance as well ."
"[17:53] Speaker_B | Yeah sure , sure sure . Um yeah . So in in your case like it would basically would probably say the utterance here or at least some part of the u yeah . And in my case it would say some name for the segment , and then you would just click on it and then like the whole thing would kick in . Like you c you click on it and and the selection moves and the display goes to that part ."
"[18:01] Speaker_E | Um it p it'd probably select it , yeah . It would make sense to do that ."
[18:11] Speaker_E | Yeah .
"[18:19] Speaker_D | Okay . How advanced are we gonna have our search ? Because I definitely think we should restrict it to I think we should um be able to restrict it to specific speakers and things like that , but nothing too fancy ."
[18:37] Speaker_B | Do we have them with a speaker at the moment ?
"[18:37] Speaker_D | Oh i uh well , with a speaker I_D_ ."
"[18:41] Speaker_E | Yeah , that that should be enough , shouldn't it ?"
"[18:41] Speaker_B | Okay , cool ."
"[18:43] Speaker_D | Yeah , in fact if someone could create a file with the speaker I_D_s and speaker names . that done ? Okay ."
"[18:48] Speaker_E | Oh yeah , I d I did that , yeah ."
[18:49] Speaker_B | Just random sp
[18:53] Speaker_D | Where is it ? Is it in the group directory ?
"[18:55] Speaker_E | Um yes , in the data . Yeah , group data , speaker data , or something ."
[18:58] Speaker_D | Okay .
"[19:03] Speaker_D | Yeah , it's um the data manager should be quite well documented . So you should be able to use that for the search quite easily ."
[19:08] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[19:10] Speaker_E | Right .
[19:12] Speaker_E | Yeah .
"[19:23] Speaker_D | Uh from yeah , on the dialogue act level . I've not got it reading in the topic segments yet ."
[19:29] Speaker_E | Yeah .
"[19:30] Speaker_D | Just 'cause that was lower priority . But yeah , all the you can get all the utterances ."
"[19:32] Speaker_E | Yeah , yeah ."
"[19:36] Speaker_E | Alright . Yeah , I should maybe just get started with 'em ."
[19:40] Speaker_E | Making a search with that .
"[19:43] Speaker_B | So what about a general layout like this that we have here , the dialogue acts and there the player b And here we'd have a search button and the similarity thing button ."
[19:52] Speaker_E | Hmm .
[19:56] Speaker_D | So where are gonna put the search results ?
"[20:01] Speaker_D | If we move everything to the right a little bit and make a little bar on the left . Yeah , like the search results in there ."
[20:06] Speaker_B | Yeah . Yeah . I think we probably like we can leave those like I_ frames and just arrange them sort of . Yeah .
[20:09] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[20:27] Speaker_D | Yeah . It's quite easy to do though . So I think we probably should .
[20:40] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[20:44] Speaker_E | No .
"[20:45] Speaker_D | Uh we should try running that thing again , see what it does now . Or just delete or back-up it ."
[20:58] Speaker_D | Oh j so I can print obscene messages in the background to um standard output .
[21:03] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[21:08] Speaker_B | If anything we build in a time bomb that only fails if the date is the date of the presentation .
"[21:17] Speaker_B | Yes , because we are nice people ."
"[21:27] Speaker_D | It doesn't seem to work very well . It's capable of slowing down the audio , but speeding up doesn't seem to work at all ."
[21:33] Speaker_B | That's a pity because it looks like it's doing something .
"[21:37] Speaker_D | You have to pause it and play it for the . Yeah , that's uh their clock component ."
[21:38] Speaker_A | Did you overtake that code from the original thing ?
[21:42] Speaker_B | 'Kay .
"[21:44] Speaker_A | Yeah , but also speeding up the audios and s"
"[21:46] Speaker_D | Oh , it's all part of the same component that does that ."
"[21:49] Speaker_B | Um do you think if we override their component and just override whatever , the the action to that slide-bar is ?"
"[21:56] Speaker_D | Uh no , we'd have to look in their code and see what it actually does ."
[22:00] Speaker_D | This thing is really bizarre . It slows it down a bit . The speed up doesn't seem to work .
"[22:07] Speaker_E | Yeah , maybe it has a different constructor when you create it ."
"[22:09] Speaker_D | Yeah . Also their grasp of algebra is terrible . Well yeah , it shouldn't be minus two times , it should be half ."
[22:12] Speaker_E | Is it ?
[22:16] Speaker_E | Oh yeah . I suppose .
[22:20] Speaker_D | 'Cause that'd be playing it backwards twice as quickly .
[22:23] Speaker_E | Yeah .
"[22:25] Speaker_B | So if so something like their skipping , would it actually corporate with our system at the moment ? Would ours skip automatically forward ?"
"[22:31] Speaker_D | Uh it should do , but you've probably gone past the end of the file ."
"[22:34] Speaker_B | Yeah , I realise ."
"[22:37] Speaker_C | Maybe that's the problem . Maybe they have got um the minus in the code as well , and then something in is messed up ."
[22:45] Speaker_D | I don't know . I think it's just um it did do it . It's that bright selection .
[22:45] Speaker_B | Uh .
[22:49] Speaker_C | Uh-huh .
"[22:54] Speaker_B | Yeah , whatever ."
"[22:58] Speaker_E | So do you think a tree-view for like an overview of the whole set of meetings would be good ? Yeah , it w it would look good ."
[23:03] Speaker_B | I think this simple this simple st view that we get that you can just like pass things into and then check when they got clicked really .
"[23:12] Speaker_D | Something that might be quite cool is if you could um you know , like some applications , when you open a file , you get like a little preview . If we could do something like that that displays like a five line summary when you you're about to open the file or something like that ."
[23:21] Speaker_E | Hmm .
"[23:28] Speaker_E | Yeah , I suppose you could calculate them off-line and just , yeah , have a like like a l little thumbnail or something ."
[23:31] Speaker_D | Hmm . Yeah .
"[23:33] Speaker_B | Well couldn't the summar oh no , then we would have to override though ."
[23:35] Speaker_D | The summariser is quite quick . It could probably do it dynamically .
"[23:37] Speaker_E | Yeah . I mean it would be a bit pointless , but it would look good for the presentation . Yeah . I suppose ."
"[23:46] Speaker_B | Hmm . But i in a sense I mean if we see uh yeah , but like probably that would be the same thing that we also display up here . Because I really think that having like some but that would probably even be shorter than five lines . Like really just getting I think getting one or two best utterances for each segment would be really worthwhile . For the search results I probably think that instead of a p a simple summary , something that displays the utterance where the where the word was like displays in a highlighted form where it was found ."
[23:46] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[24:19] Speaker_E | Hmm .
[24:19] Speaker_D | Another quite good thing might be um how are you do you know how easy it is to apply two tips to things in Java ? I've never done it before .
[24:25] Speaker_B | To to apply what ?
"[24:26] Speaker_E | I've never done it , but I'd imagine it must be quite easy ."
"[24:38] Speaker_E | Yeah , it'd be nice for a presentation , yeah , yeah ."
"[24:41] Speaker_B | Well alternatively we could always have sort of a third small component , whatever , like if this was the search results , and then they are just like something else that's part unwritten when Miles goes over this one it triggers that one to display it or something ."
"[24:54] Speaker_D | But yeah , if we can get the tool tip , we should use it though . 'Cause I think it should be quite easy ."
"[24:56] Speaker_B | And a tool tip is I think a very straightf yeah , it especially with a preview we'll be able to get tool tip fairly simple because it's just a property of it . Uh , I've never seen tool tips displaying several lines and stuff though so I wonder how good that'll look . But we'll we can try that ."
[25:00] Speaker_E | Hmm .
"[25:04] Speaker_D | Yeah , that's what I would have thought ."
[25:11] Speaker_D | Um it's quite common in like some applications . Yeah .
"[25:14] Speaker_B | Really ? Well , so far only seen tool tips of few words length . But yeah , uh that should be fairly easy ."
"[25:34] Speaker_B | Yeah yeah , we will have . That's actually just gonna happen today and we will have proper segments as well ."
[25:36] Speaker_A | Yeah .
[25:39] Speaker_E | Hmm . Is that quite easy to do to get um a moving cursor ?
"[25:44] Speaker_B | Um the thing I remember , like I have to find out how to do it without redrawing the display each time , because the display at the moment does take , you see , like it takes a fraction of a segment to display , but probably too much to update it to completely repaint the whole thing every second . So um at the moment I'm just whenever it needs to be repainted , I'm not thinking about to do and just repainting the thing as a whole with a moving bar that's not a good idea . But until I think of something better , what I'll just do is I'll just I'll probably not have a moving bar the whole length , but just some indicator somewhere . Like whatever , just uh a triangle moving at the bottom for now or something . And then I can just like repaint a small area or something ."
[26:20] Speaker_E | Hmm .
"[26:22] Speaker_D | Um all you need to do is just one value . Um the height , it doesn't change in value , does it ? So if you just remember the colour that it was last at and you re-draw a line behind it of that colour and then the next one ."
[26:24] Speaker_C | And the area could be smaller .
[26:30] Speaker_B | Yeah .
[27:02] Speaker_E | Yeah .
"[27:31] Speaker_A | Uh f I'm pretty sure that I can uh always find something to improve there . So I mean if you need me to work on something else , um I can try to finish my stuff um early , but um otherwise I can still keep working on it , improving it , I think ."
[27:40] Speaker_B | Okay .
"[27:57] Speaker_B | 'Kay . Well , I'm actually at the moment I don't see how many people can work on on the programming anyway ."
"[28:03] Speaker_D | No , right now it probably won't be that much benefit . Right now it probably won't be much benefit ."
[28:05] Speaker_B | Hmm ?
[28:08] Speaker_B | No .
"[28:10] Speaker_C | Yeah , as soon as I've finished all the meetings I think there's not that much to do unless I get some evaluation method . But that could be quite difficult . I would have to tag uh some part of it or something ."
"[28:25] Speaker_C | Because if I d if I can't evaluate , I can't do any better ."
[28:29] Speaker_B | Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm . Mm-hmm .
[28:31] Speaker_C | Because I don't know how to do better if I don't evaluate anything .
[28:33] Speaker_B | Mm-hmm .
"[28:36] Speaker_C | Yeah . Yeah , he's really keen on that , isn't he ."
[28:38] Speaker_E | Yeah .
"[28:46] Speaker_E | Yeah , I was just gonna do some sort of informal evaluation ."
[28:46] Speaker_C | Mm .
"[28:46] Speaker_B | Uh I was a bit pissed off yesterday about that part because it was sort of just like a decision we had taken . So okay , we've been talking about evaluation l in the first report and there's nothing new we can say about it this time . And I thought we said that in the meeting before we wrote the report . And then he came back with this whole criticism saying like oh , you didn't say anything about um evaluation and then yeah , but we did that in the last report . We said we're not gonna go oh , but now I expected it in more detail and Oh ."
"[28:57] Speaker_E | Yeah , I did say that ."
[28:59] Speaker_A | Yeah .
[29:01] Speaker_E | Yeah .
"[29:11] Speaker_E | Yeah , he did give us eight out of ten though ."
"[29:13] Speaker_B | If that translates to eighty percent , like if if those actually translate to to really like their percentage scores , then that would be good ."
[29:13] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[29:19] Speaker_D | I think they do 'cause that's the first um sixty percent or isn't it ? 'Cause it's I thought they were thirty percent each .
[29:21] Speaker_B | Hmm .
[29:24] Speaker_B | Sixteen ?
[29:25] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[29:26] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[29:28] Speaker_E | No I think they were ten percent each .
[29:28] Speaker_C | I don't know . Ten percent each . Yeah .
[29:29] Speaker_D | Only ten percent .
[29:30] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[29:30] Speaker_A | Yeah .
[29:35] Speaker_D | I thought they're thirty .
[29:39] Speaker_E | I think they're worth ten percent ?
[29:40] Speaker_C | Yeah . Yeah .
"[29:41] Speaker_A | Yeah , ten percent ."
[29:55] Speaker_E | Hmm .
[30:00] Speaker_D | Yeah .
"[30:00] Speaker_B | Uh And then he'll see the final display and he'll realise that it was all fake , that we didn't actually do any of the work ."
[30:05] Speaker_D | 'Cause I think we'd rampantly underestimated how long it'd take to do the actual uh software engineering bit .
"[30:11] Speaker_E | Yeah , that yeah , that interface and integration , yeah ."
"[30:30] Speaker_B | Like the week just before the presentation , I have most of the stuff that I I'm doing now , I'm rid of it , including the dissertation and DIL ."
[30:34] Speaker_E | Mm .
"[30:39] Speaker_E | Mm-hmm . Yeah , same for me ."
[30:43] Speaker_D | See I'll probably just be starting stuff then 'cause I'll be starting the uh S_N_L_P_ thing and the D_M_ project .
[30:49] Speaker_E | Oh yeah .
[30:51] Speaker_B | Hmm .
[30:53] Speaker_D | What are you doing for your D_M_ project ?
[30:55] Speaker_E | Um I'm gonna do like an on-line museum archive . You get like a document for each exhibit .
[31:00] Speaker_D | Oh .
"[31:02] Speaker_D | Is yeah , I kind of nicked the idea . He went about code M_L_ . I'm gonna make one for guitar tablature . Yeah . But I I think it might have been bit off more than I could chew . So I think it's gonna be quite hard ."
[31:08] Speaker_E | Oh yeah . Oh that'd be quite a good one actually .
"[31:15] Speaker_E | Yeah , would you have to do like music notation and stuff ?"
[31:22] Speaker_E | Right .
[31:27] Speaker_D | See how far I get anyway .
[31:53] Speaker_D | Mm yeah . Well you can easy add a command line parameter .
"[31:57] Speaker_C | It's not essential though , I think ."
[31:59] Speaker_B | Yeah .
[32:03] Speaker_B | Can probably add a open file dialogue box with minimum effort because I think it's a ready-made component that returns a string for a file name .
[32:06] Speaker_D | Mm .
[32:10] Speaker_D | It may even return a file directly . Possible .
[32:13] Speaker_B | Or that w yeah . So we can do that today ?
"[32:19] Speaker_D | Probably . Um the thing is , it I don't know . It doesn't really make sense to call it file open or anything like that 'cause that's it's more like an option ."
[32:20] Speaker_B | Yeah .
[32:30] Speaker_D | To set the par .
"[32:34] Speaker_B | Yeah , but why don't we ?"
[32:35] Speaker_D | Because it reads everything just from one file .
"[32:38] Speaker_B | Yeah , I know , sure it j like it it would not necessary need to be a part of the final thing , but why don't we just provide some means , even if it does it automatically in the beginning as a start-up option , just to ask for a file name . 'Cause then we can just publish a script that you just run and then this whole thing starts ."
[32:47] Speaker_D | Mm-hmm .
[32:53] Speaker_E | Hmm .
"[32:54] Speaker_B | You know what happened to me today , like I forgot about the whe I'm not sure if we had that problem before , finding the Java media , the Java X_ media stuff on all the jars for that . Yeah , I was like suddenly panicking at eleven when I realised God , I just thought it would be very straight-forward to get it going here . And then I got that thing . Yes , so um if we do a version which automatically opens up a file open box . You're yeah , f so you're automatically producing the right format with this no um with just per utterance ."
"[33:03] Speaker_D | Oh yeah , that did happen once before ."
[33:25] Speaker_C | Hmm ?
"[33:28] Speaker_C | Uh yeah , f per utteran uh I print the utterances in the I_D_ . Uh no , the the I_D_ of the utterance and uh the measure I think ."
[33:32] Speaker_B | Okay .
[33:50] Speaker_D | Or even just the entire corpus . That's what um Colin's file has got .
[33:55] Speaker_C | That shouldn't make too much difference . If I just take well m a file or where one meeting is in or
"[34:05] Speaker_C | concatenate all those , shouldn't be too bad ."
[34:08] Speaker_B | Hmm .
[34:10] Speaker_D | Does his ? It's it's easy to load that much just text .
"[34:16] Speaker_B | Yeah . Where do you think you can uh produce something like that . Like I think we should go for like for one group , not for the whole corpus ."
[34:25] Speaker_D | Uh I think it makes more sense to go for the whole corpus because the meet the um the I_D_s gonna have gaps and stuff in them otherwise . And it means you have to read through the list of utterances when you're compiling all the data over and over and over and over again .
[34:39] Speaker_B | No no n
[34:39] Speaker_A | So so you want um the dialogue act numbers to be um continuous throughout the corpus so that second meetings begins with three hundred um something .
[34:45] Speaker_B | Yeah .
[34:46] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[34:47] Speaker_B | Yeah .
[34:49] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[34:59] Speaker_D | Well a at the moment the main data i that's just uh uniquely numbered throughout the entire corpus .
[35:07] Speaker_B | Hmm ?
"[35:08] Speaker_D | Well at the moment from the dump file , it's just got them uniquely numbered throughout the entire corpus ."
[35:15] Speaker_E | Hmm .
[35:18] Speaker_D | Hmm .
[35:21] Speaker_D | And it makes more sense to do that anyway because um that means you got more flexibility with how you want to group them . And one thing you really don't want is ever to have two utterances that could potentially have the same I_D_ .
"[35:42] Speaker_D | Yeah , but that's the point of the data manager is to manage all that ."
"[35:57] Speaker_D | It's possible , but it's it's not really much point . 'Cause at the moment it's got quite nice property that the dialogue act number also coincides with the array index number in the array of dialogue acts , which is quite nice ."
"[36:09] Speaker_B | Whereas uh s mayb maybe we're talking k like so so your data manager , would that then handle the whole thing ? Would that handle it that this would only like the display would only display one group ?"
[36:20] Speaker_D | Well you could you could choose whatever you wanted .
"[36:23] Speaker_B | Yeah , so if I mean I don't mind where it's done . So if the data manager filters it out and like I just think that in in the logic of the programme it's it's much easier to justify why we say we treat a series of meetings as one single thing rather than w"
"[36:37] Speaker_D | But you may not be interested in the same series each time . You might want to display all meetings that had a particular phrase mention , say . And those might not be the ones that we enumerated as one meeting , in which case you're gonna have conflicting I_D_s and things like that . Whereas the da if you do it in the data manager , you can control any logic like that programmatically rather than doing it by hand and setting it in stone for all time ."
[36:54] Speaker_B | But a
[37:11] Speaker_B | I b like would just I would find logical reasons for why you can sugg say peop
[37:15] Speaker_D | Well it's just good practice . Like it separates the data from the programme logic . What you're talking about doing is embedding some of the programme logic in the data .
"[37:31] Speaker_D | Yeah , but that's a decision we're forcing on the user when we don't have to ."
"[37:35] Speaker_B | Okay . But would it still like would we still in the logic of it still have continuous I_D_s if we say we take just just one meeting . Like would would the display for example still be able to just say I want from whatever from the first until the last and and everything in between sort of and and the data manager would then display that just for that meeting . Okay well , if that's possible , yeah ."
"[37:54] Speaker_D | Yeah , I don't see why not ."
[37:59] Speaker_C | Have you currently got continuous I_D_s for your topic segments ?
"[38:03] Speaker_E | Well I have I've only done the first meeting . But yeah , th that's the plan ."
"[38:08] Speaker_E | Um for the topic segments ? Yeah , sorry , for topic segments I have . But for the utterances I've just got one meeting so far . But the idea was that it would be continuous ."
[38:10] Speaker_C | Yeah . Yeah .
[38:15] Speaker_C | Mm-hmm .
[38:16] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[38:18] Speaker_C | Okay .
"[38:19] Speaker_D | I think it sh everything should be like that , continuous in chronological order ."
[38:23] Speaker_B | Okay .
"[38:24] Speaker_C | Is that what v what you've got , because um because the different meeting series overlap ."
[38:31] Speaker_C | I think .
[38:31] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[38:33] Speaker_E | Remember how did I do it .
[38:37] Speaker_A | A problem um yeah .
[38:38] Speaker_E | Hmm .
"[38:47] Speaker_D | I'm not sure , I haven't really looked at the data ."
"[38:54] Speaker_D | If there's no value , I guess you have to put a zero in ."
[38:59] Speaker_A | Ah okay . At the moment I don't even generate any document uh document for those .
[39:04] Speaker_D | Yeah .
"[39:05] Speaker_A | But because I mean it's not zero , it's just a noun . Hmm ."
[39:11] Speaker_D | Well it might be more sensible to assign it an average value .
"[39:27] Speaker_D | Well we'd w only use F_ zero when it was present though , wouldn't we ?"
[39:31] Speaker_A | Hmm ?
[39:32] Speaker_D | We well we'd want to use F_ zero when it's present .
"[39:35] Speaker_B | Yeah , that's what Vera said . No . So you you'd you'd also say that it shouldn't be part of the importance measure if there's no F_ zero ."
[39:47] Speaker_A | Yeah .
"[39:50] Speaker_B | Yeah . Well , I I don't know how we're gonna do the fusing of the different if inf importance measures anyway . Bu if that's done in the programme or if that's done off-line ."
[39:54] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[40:00] Speaker_E | I th think it should be done in the program 'cause we're probably gonna want to change it .
"[40:01] Speaker_D | Yeah , in the summariser it'd be the uh ideal place to do that ."
[40:02] Speaker_B | Yeah . Yeah .
"[40:05] Speaker_B | Yeah . Does anyone have a good idea like at the moment to play around with it , what's a good way of displaying two types of information in the in the colour display . I mean uh there's probably logical ways , like if one is whatever , if one is the darkness and the other is the redness or something . Has anyone ever experimented with sort of displaying two-dimensional information in in colour ? Because then we could do Jasmine's and and Vera's probably in the same scale ."
[40:27] Speaker_D | You could use um red green and blue to display up to three .
[40:33] Speaker_B | Yeah .
"[40:33] Speaker_A | Yeah , but do we really want do display them separately because the user won't okay , for now for our s okay ."
"[40:36] Speaker_B | F for now . No , for now . Like yeah , for us ."
"[40:42] Speaker_C | Might be interesting to the user though , just the word importance maybe ."
"[40:48] Speaker_A | Yeah , but then the user would have to know about what s w was what and what contributed to the blue stripes and what contributed to the red ones . Uh I think that wouldn't be a good idea ."
[40:48] Speaker_B | Hmm . S
[40:56] Speaker_B | We should assume a n assume a non-linguistic user .
"[41:02] Speaker_B | But I think probably for us , like in developing it , it would be interesting . Yeah , so um I'll try the red green blue . Wha what's does anyone know what this hue and saturation thing , like what that no , nobody's done much colour work ."
[41:05] Speaker_A | Mm-hmm .
[41:20] Speaker_D | The trouble is that hue isn't a very sensible scale . Like it comes up to like red two or three times and stuff like that .
"[41:39] Speaker_D | Or you could just split it into two blocks , I suppose , for now ."
[41:44] Speaker_B | Yeah . Yeah .
"[41:53] Speaker_B | 'Kay , so we'll produce a version of this which opens up with a dialogue box um where you can select a file ? Is that right , Dave ? Would we be able to do that ? And and then you'll get this type of display with that file ."
[42:01] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[42:11] Speaker_B | And that's uh at the moment are w so are we are we still talking about using that one meeting that everyone is using now ? Are talk about swat swi swapping now ? Switching .
[42:17] Speaker_D | Well there's no reason why it can't swap meetings at the moment if the data's there for it .
"[42:29] Speaker_D | Yeah , that's most sensible way to do it , I think ."
[42:31] Speaker_B | Okay .
[42:33] Speaker_B | Okay .
[42:36] Speaker_B | We need the explicit information about each meeting then . Like sorta whi from which utterance which utterance it goes and stuff .
"[42:43] Speaker_D | Yeah , that's well , it's not reading that in yet , but that will be part of the data manager as well . Like there's access classes all defined for that ."
"[42:52] Speaker_D | Yeah , it's in your file , isn't it ?"
[42:55] Speaker_E | Mm . Yeah .
[42:57] Speaker_D | 'Cause each utterance has got an I_D_ associated with it .
[42:59] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[43:00] Speaker_B | Okay . Okay .
[43:01] Speaker_A | Okay . Couldn't we couldn't we write one programme that calculates all the um f for all our different contributions to the importance measure the um a absolute um dialogue act numbers for the meeting .
[43:20] Speaker_A | Because at the moment we all produce the numbers for each meeting separately .
[43:20] Speaker_D | I don't know .
"[43:27] Speaker_D | So just keep yeah , just enumerate up for the next number . Three ."
[43:35] Speaker_E | Hmm .
"[43:45] Speaker_E | Yeah , we should be consistent , yeah ."
"[44:03] Speaker_B | Yeah , I'm not sure about"
[44:06] Speaker_B | that .
[44:08] Speaker_B | As in I just don't understand much about how difficult it is to do to do different things .
"[44:24] Speaker_A | Yeah , I mean I can do it . I can read in the different um importance measures and then re re-calculate the numbers ."
[44:32] Speaker_B | Well as l as long as yeah .
"[44:37] Speaker_B | As long as everything's in the right order , it shouldn't like we should even be able to just I_D_ it when we're reading it in ."
"[44:43] Speaker_C | But we have got the index um for converting from Vera's I_D_s to to yours . So it shouldn't be a problem , should it . Yeah , I've done that for the correlation as well . So that's what that was quite easy to do ."
"[44:50] Speaker_E | Hmm . Yeah , it should be easy to do , yeah ."
[44:53] Speaker_B | Hmm .
[45:01] Speaker_B | 'Kay .
"[45:02] Speaker_C | Have you got that for no , it's just for one meeting at the moment ."
"[45:05] Speaker_E | Yeah , I've got the indexes for all the meetings I think . Yeah ."
"[45:07] Speaker_C | Oh okay , sure ."
"[45:22] Speaker_B | Um so yours would always like yours would always be loaded in , I guess . Like you y there would only be one version of your data , and you can just override that version if you want . But you wouldn't have a file open dialogue box for that then ."
"[45:38] Speaker_E | No , I don't think so ."
[45:40] Speaker_D | Well that's what I meant is it's a bit pointless having it as file open 'cause it will be opening those files all the time . It's more sensible to have it as an option and the location of them . Or just so you can configure the the location of all the files as an option . But when it starts up it should just read them from the default place .
[45:50] Speaker_B | Well what would the option be ?
"[46:07] Speaker_D | Yeah , that makes sense ."
"[46:13] Speaker_D | Oh , of course t there's no reason why we can't make a development version that displays both , has two win utterance windows and uh two graphical displays . I mean obviously you it'd have to pick which one to synch the clock to ."
[46:27] Speaker_B | Mm is that not getting too much ?
[46:30] Speaker_D | To add another dialogue act window is really easy .
[46:38] Speaker_B | So we would have like each of those components for
"[46:44] Speaker_B | for Jasmine and Vera . Yeah , I know ."
"[46:45] Speaker_D | Oh like say if you could make a um change to your thing so it could display uh like it in two halves . So like the top half one , the bottom half the other . Or maybe three actually . Maybe top half one , bottom half the other and the third one an average that we can change the parameters for ."
[46:53] Speaker_B | Yeah . Yeah .
[47:06] Speaker_B | Mm-hmm .
"[47:10] Speaker_D | And then yeah , I could easily make it throw out three different dialogue acts ."
"[47:19] Speaker_D | No , I'd just have two of them not synched up because it's just for evaluating the data ."
"[47:24] Speaker_B | Okay . 'Cause the dialogue uh the display also gets the information about like the relative and the absolute times . So that would be convenient if that just if there's just one of that , 'cause otherwise it's getting messy ."
"[47:44] Speaker_D | Oh no , it isn't . Yeah , I know what you mean ."
[47:45] Speaker_B | I don't wanna do like three like three internal time-scales so that's just getting messy .
[47:49] Speaker_D | Yeah .
"[47:53] Speaker_B | Well I guess really I mean like alternatively why don't we go for the simplest thing and just create three scripts or two scripts which load a parameter uh f common line parameter , which is which file to load , and and then it's just there ."
"[47:59] Speaker_D | Yeah , I suppose ."
"[48:05] Speaker_D | No , hold on , you it wouldn't need three internal time scales , 'cause only one's synched to the clock or it c and the others are all absolute real time , aren't they . That's what's displayed on that , the bar , is real time , isn't it . So they would all be in the same time scale ."
[48:09] Speaker_B | Okay .
[48:18] Speaker_B | Yep .
"[48:26] Speaker_B | Oh you oh you just have three summarisers , and then they're all synched up with one clock ."
"[48:30] Speaker_D | No no , only one of them synchs , and two of them are just yeah ."
"[48:32] Speaker_B | Okay , the other one is just a static dialogue acts box ."
[48:36] Speaker_D | 'Cause it doesn't really matter . They synch up for the purpose of evaluating the data .
"[48:47] Speaker_D | Yeah . I mean not in the final version , just for now ."
"[48:49] Speaker_B | No no , sure . Or maybe just start with just two like without even combining them in any sophisticated way . Just just two . Yep ."
[48:54] Speaker_D | Yeah .
"[49:01] Speaker_B | 'Kay , shall we wrap that up ? Sor sorry , I'm imposing ."
[49:06] Speaker_D | How easy would it be to make it so you can add arbitrary numbers of them do you think ?
[49:12] Speaker_B | You mean discontinuous ?
"[49:13] Speaker_D | No , like uh different measures to the display ."
"[49:28] Speaker_D | Well that's the thing , if it's gonna take more than like an hour or something , it's not worth it ."
[49:36] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[49:50] Speaker_D | Mm .
[49:52] Speaker_D | But that's easy 'cause mine can take uh any number of parameters .
"[49:57] Speaker_B | Yeah , but that we wouldn't so we'd have to have some dialogue box for opening stuff . It might be it might take half an hour in the display and not more than that ."
"[50:06] Speaker_D | Mine , I'll need to make a minor addition to the data manager and the summariser . But it's more or less ready to go with that ."
[50:12] Speaker_B | Hmm .
[50:15] Speaker_B | But it might actu I think it might not really be worth it to be honest .
"[50:24] Speaker_B | Let's work on the other stuff first , like the other stuff , and just provide like something where each of them just if if there's uh a Jasmine script and a Vera script and they each can load their stuff and see their data in in the thing . They ca they each can see it summarised by their data , and the other one is the static one . That should be fairly easy to do , right ? If I just double the display and you make a uh like a non-synched up second dialogue acts ."
[50:44] Speaker_D | Okay .
[50:46] Speaker_D | Yep .
[50:49] Speaker_D | Mm-hmm .
"[50:53] Speaker_D | Yeah , should be easy ."
"[50:53] Speaker_B | And yeah , and then they can tune , fine-tune their measures ."
[51:06] Speaker_B | I think it would be cool if we could check the NITE clock f code or whatever code it is for this component and see if we can access those rate things and and do something useful with them and get notified when they change and stuff .
"[51:20] Speaker_D | We could just make that rate be something completely different , just disconnect it from whatever it's doing , and then have that set the length of the summary or something like that ."
"[51:29] Speaker_B | Yeah , I think that's what we should do . So the the thing is it's probably an easy task to read that rate , but it's probably more difficult to get an event automatically when it's changed . So that's why we might have to extend NITE clock and like override the function that react to that . Or like the rate is probably a property , which in the worst case we'd have to set public , but if we wanna react to it being changed automatically , we might have to ."
[51:43] Speaker_D | Mm .
[51:51] Speaker_D | Well it doesn't it doesn't react to it being changed automatically . It only reacts when you press play at the moment . So you have to stop it and start it to make any effect .
[52:13] Speaker_D | Mm .
"[52:15] Speaker_D | Yeah , I mean just disconnect it from whatever it sends the media player and connect it up to our summarisers . That makes different length summaries ."
[52:15] Speaker_B | Yeah .
[52:18] Speaker_B | Yeah .
[52:22] Speaker_B | Yeah .
"[52:24] Speaker_D | 'Cause like we could make that not even have like a a real sort of meaning , just put like max and min . And the user can just like set it in-between wherever they want the uh without actually telling them what it actually means if you see what I mean ."
[52:33] Speaker_B | Hmm .
"[52:39] Speaker_B | Yep . Yeah . Yep . And we could justify all sorts of stuff like that by r in the presentation by saying we deliberately tried to keep any complexity and numbers and stuff away from people . I think that's sort of a line we should go by in general , sort of saying yeah , we could've done oh so many th"
[52:50] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[53:02] Speaker_D | 'Cause that's incredibly unintuitive .
"[53:24] Speaker_C | So what kind of change will you impose on the summarisation ? Because if we fine-tune uh um according to that and it's not finished , it's n doesn't make any sense ."
"[53:34] Speaker_D | But it won't make any huge changes , like it'll always have the ef the ability to read the original ones . But it might be quite cool to have a combined measure . Like just a weighted average is probably the most sensible way to about it and possibly thresholding it ."
[53:36] Speaker_C | Okay .
[53:40] Speaker_C | Right .
[53:42] Speaker_C | Uh-huh .
[53:45] Speaker_B | Hmm .
[53:47] Speaker_C | Okay .
[53:51] Speaker_C | So you at the moment you have got a threshold and everything that's above it is displayed . Or how do you d
"[53:56] Speaker_D | No , it just takes the top like twenty or fifty or however many ."
"[53:59] Speaker_C | Yeah , so it's some kind of threshold that is set , okay ."
[54:02] Speaker_B | Yeah .
[54:02] Speaker_D | Yeah .
[54:11] Speaker_B | Yeah .
"[54:14] Speaker_B | Shall we meet in an hour or so , Dave ? I'm probably gonna eat something quick ."
"[54:23] Speaker_B | Ah okay , I was actually I was planning the same , but we won't get so much done before three , that's the thing ."
"[54:28] Speaker_D | Or to be honest , like it's much quicker for me to get stuff done on my own . It'd make more sense for us to divide up spend a couple of hours dividing up tasks and then do them separately ."
"[54:40] Speaker_B | 'Kay listen , so why don't we meet after three then , because then I can like until three make sure that I have all the display c"
[54:45] Speaker_D | Well it'll be after four then . 'Cause I'm gonna go at three . The gym .
"[55:01] Speaker_D | Okay . So meet say five till seven , that should be enough time ."
[55:06] Speaker_B | Yeah .
"[55:09] Speaker_D | Because yeah , it's much quicker if we're both working separately , I think . 'Cause when we've been working together like I've just not got a lot done . And like when I go home I'll spend like the same amount of time and get loads done if you see what I mean ."
"[55:16] Speaker_B | Yeah , that's true ."
"[55:21] Speaker_B | Yeah . Yeah , so we can meet in five in Apple at five in Appleton tower and just work on so I'll I'll have my displ I'll make sure that my display does all the stuff we've been talking about un until then ."
"[55:32] Speaker_D | Yeah , okay ."
[55:36] Speaker_B | And then we'll put those things together .
[55:39] Speaker_D | Okay .
"[55:41] Speaker_E | Yeah , I'll be working on the search , I think . It's ready to get started . Yeah , I may as well come and you can show me how it the manager works ."
[55:44] Speaker_D | So you're gonna be up there as well then ?
[55:51] Speaker_E | Yeah .
[55:55] Speaker_B | Yeah . But I mean like we we should discuss together which w like how the the search interacts with the rest .
[56:03] Speaker_B | So that's not something that Colin should just do in his own .
